at the United Nations highest court
Israel stands accused of carrying out
genocide in Gaza South Africa has filed
a 84 page document with the
international court of justice in the
Haag it claims Israel has killed more
than 177,000 Palestinians from October
until December last year just on
December 7th approximately one
Palestinian was killed in Gaza every 4
minutes entire families have been wiped
out with no remaining survivors at the
heart of South Africa's legal argument
is the mass expulsion of Palestinians
85% of the population has been forced to
leave their homes 60% of the homes in
Gaza are now destroyed and civilians
following the evacuation orders were
targeted by Israeli forces on designated
safety routes the case also highlights
the dire humanitarian crisis in the
strip experts are predicting that more
Palestinians in Gaza may die from
starvation and disease than air strikes
the submission also includes
inflammatory statements made by Israeli
leaders the Israeli president said it's
an entire nation out there that is
responsible it's not true that rhetoric
about civilians not aware not involved
it's absolutely not true the Israeli
minister of energy and infrastructure
tweeted all the civilian population in
Gaza is ordered to leave immediately we
will win they will not receive a drop of
water or a single battery until they
leave the world the deputy speaker of
the knesset tweeted we all have one
common goal erasing the Gaza Strip from
the face of the Earth the former head of
the Israeli National Security Council
said the state of Israel has no choice
but to make Gaza a place that is
temporarily or permanently impossible to
live in the US must ultimately back even
an operation like this even if there are
thousands of bodies of civilians in the
streets afterward and Gaza will become a
place where no human being can exist
there are also examples of the
destruction of Palestinian identity
which I believe South Africa's legal
team is led by a former un Envoy John
Dugard it Compares Israel's actions in
Gaza to crimes carried out in South
Africa during the apartheid
era but proving genocidal intent is
legally
complicated Israel's defense team is
represented by the former head of the
Israeli Supreme Court Aon Barack
he's denied all accusations and argues
Israel's actions have been made in
self-defense in response to hamas's
attack on Southern Israel on October 7th
last year that killed
1,200 Israelis please be seated the case
will be decided by a 15 member panel
decisions are based on a majority vote
with a leading judge holding the
decisive vote in case of a tie despite
calls for a swift hearing the case has
already been delayed by a week a final
ruling on the genocide allegations could
take months or years but legal experts
say a decision by the court on whether
to announce immediate measures might
come
soon as South Africa hopes it will call
on Israel to stop its war on Gaza Axel
zovich Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer